[Music]
we're in the most dynamic business world
and Market that Humanity has ever seen
if you're not constantly thinking about
the nuances of the market you're serving
and how their needs are changing you're
going to be left behind
you have a opportunity with an industry
that is at a once in a lifetime point of
inflection where its future is going to
be completely different than it's past
we go our whole lives looking for
opportunities that are as large and as
meaningful as this one I think
everything's changing all the time I
think it's changing so fast we don't
even really realize the change is
happening I mean considered that the
Fortune 500 we see today didn't exist 10
years ago what exists here at sassler
today is the fortunate of the next 10
years only the leaders who are committed
to improving themselves that can stay
with a company and actually lead it
effectively assembling the right team
who really feels like they can
accomplish something great together
nothing can bring it down we always at
the feeling deep inside that we're on to
something we're not in the world where
you can you can start a business where
you have a bad place to work
organizations who want to compete if all
four of their core experiences are not
being run well they're not going to last
very long
no matter how big they are today
I get an amazing place for people to do
the best work of their lives how do you
make sure that people feel the
opportunity to take initiative what am I
missing why are we not growing faster
5x9x10x we've never seen growth rates
like this if you can keep that momentum
going longer and fix that mistake
earlier you have huge benefits that's
the magic of saster
[Music]
laughs